com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/service/UserService.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.service.UserService
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/security/SecurityConfigurer.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.security.SecurityConfigurer
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/security/CustomUserDetails.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.security.CustomUserDetails
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/model/User.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.model.User
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/controller/UserController.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.controller.UserController
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/security/JwtUtil.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.security.JwtUtil
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.repository.UserRepository
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/controller/ItemController.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.controller.ItemController
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/WebshopApplication.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.WebshopApplication
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/exception/UserException.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.exception.UserException
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/security/AuthenticationExceptionHandler.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.security.AuthenticationExceptionHandler
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/exception/InvalidParametersException.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.exception.InvalidParametersException
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/model/UserResponseDTO.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.model.UserResponseDTO
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/model/ErrorDTO.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.model.ErrorDTO
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/exception/ParamAlreadyExistException.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.exception.ParamAlreadyExistException
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/security/CustomUserDetailsService.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.security.CustomUserDetailsService
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/model/ItemResponseDTO.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.model.ItemResponseDTO
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/exception/CustomExceptionHandler.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.exception.CustomExceptionHandler
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/exception/MissingParametersException.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.exception.MissingParametersException
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/model/CartItemRequestDTO.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.model.CartItemRequestDTO
com/greenfoxacademy/webshop/security/JwtRequestFilter.java
 com.greenfoxacademy.webshop.security.JwtRequestFilter
